rasa-project/data/nlu.md, before:

## intent:greet
- hey
- hello
- hi
- good morning
- good evening
- good afternoon
- hey there

## intent:affirm
- yes
- indeed
- of course
- that sounds good
- correct
- confirm

## intent:deny
- no
- never
- I don't think so
- don't like that
- no way
- not really
- no I've changed my mind

## intent:goodbye
- bye
- goodbye
- see you around
- see you later
- see you
- good bye

## intent:help
- help
- I need help
- Could you help me
- I want to ask you something
- request
- I need your support
- support

## intent:open  
- Open [wifi privacy demo](demo)
- Open [distributed webgl](demo)
- Open [uk 2019 election - speech analysis](demo)
- Open [twitter us elections](demo)
- Open [twitter brexit](demo)
- Open [transmart](demo)
- Open [the robot learning lab](demo)
- Open [telematics](demo)
- Open [silk road bitcoin seizure](demo)
- Open [sharing economy](demo)
- Open [shanghai metro](demo)
- Open [sentinel](demo)
- Open [senegal cell network](demo)
- Open [runkeeper](demo)
- Open [fluid dynamics](demo)
- Open [people flow](demo)
- Open [ocean data assimilation](demo)
- Open [neuro inspired design](demo)
- Open [medical imaging](demo)
- Open [mars selfie](demo)
- Open [images from mars](demo)
- Open [london map](demo)
- Open [kinedmd](demo)
- Open [intelligent transport system](demo)
- Open [jaywing](demo)
- Open [tfl jamcams](demo)
- Open [imaging ai](demo)
- Open [human ethome](demo)
- Open [huawei](demo)
- Open [giga images](demo)
- Open [explainable skill mining](demo)
- Open [ethereum](demo)
- Open [eides](demo)
- Open [dssg air quality](demo)
- Open [dsi templates](demo)
- Open [dsi intro](demo)
- Open [data learning](demo)
- Open [cyber data spark](demo)
- Open [computational privacy](demo)
- Open [cardiac ai](demo)
- Open [bitcoin economy](demo)
- Open [bitcoin blockchain history](demo)
- Open [behaviour analytics lab](demo)
- Open [ai workforce](demo)
- Open [ai research](demo)
- Open [ai network](demo)
- Open [ai in medicine and healthcare](demo)
- Open [ai for healthcare](demo)
- Open [ai cockpit](demo)
- Open [ai4health](demo)
- I would like to open [gaze](demo)
- open [amr](demo)
- launch [defra](demo)
- activate [An open bucket new works](demo)
- start [davidtest](demo)
- open [Mars selfies](demo)
- [bitcoin](demo)
- load [map of london](demo)
- [twitter](demo)
- launch [london cycling map](demo)
- open [cycling map](demo)
- Start [anotherthest](demo)
- Could you activate the [test](demo) ?
- Open [DataSparks 2020 Project Luna](demo)
- I'd like to launch the [datest](demo)
- activate [dsi-international](demo)

## intent:out_of_scope
- I want to order food
- What is 2 + 2?
- Who's the US President?
- I need a job
- I want to dance !
- What's the day of birth of Julius Caesar ?
- What's the weather today ?

## intent:search
- Look for [wifi](tag)
- Look for [ml](tag)
- Look for [nlp](tag)
- Look for [politics](tag)
- Look for [twitter](tag)
- Look for [scivis](tag)
- Look for [astronomy](tag)
- Look for [mars](tag)
- Look for [ove-feature-showcase](tag)
- Look for [air-pollution](tag)
- Look for [transport](tag)
- Look for [datasparks](tag)
- Look for [cybersecurity](tag)
- Look for [privacy](tag)
- Look for [medical-imaging](tag)
- Look for [imagetiles](tag)
- Look for [healthcare](tag)
- Look for [ai](tag)
- Show me something on [network](tag)
- Can you show me something on [the data science institute](tag)
- Search [business](tag)
- search demo
- I'd like to search something on [cryptocurrency](tag)

## intent:shutdown
- Shut down screens
- Turn out screens
- Could you shutdown the Screens ?
- I'd like to shutdown the Screens
- Screens shutdown
- Shut down GDO
- Could you shutdown the global data observatory

## intent:turn_on_gdo
- Turn on the gdo
- Could you turn on the screens
- I'd like to turn on the Global Data Observatory
- Start the gdo
- Turn on the screens
- I would like to turn on the screens

## intent:new_try
- restart
- I'd like to restart
- Could you restart ?

## intent:clear_space
- Clear the screens
- clean the space
- clear space
- I'd like to clean the space
- Could you clear the space
- full black
- I would like black screens
- Display black screens
- I only want black screens
- I want a black background


## intent:control
- [Play](control_command) the video
- [play](control_command) the audio
- [Pause](control_command)
- I would like to [pause](control_command) the video
- I want to [stop](control_command) the audio file
- [Stop](control_command) it
- Could you [mute](control_command) the video
- I'd like to [refresh](control_command) the screen
- [Play loop](control_command) the video
- Can you [play loop](control_command) the audio

## intent:switch_modes
- I'd like to switch the mode
- [switch](switch_action) the mode
- Mode [cluster](mode)
- mode [section](mode)
- Select [section](mode)
- Could you select [cluster](mode)
- The [section](mode) mode would be fine
- I would like to take the [section](mode)
- I choose [cluster](mode)
- [change]{"entity":"switch_action","value":"switch"} the mode
- [reverse]{"entity":"switch_action","value":"switch"} modes
- [permute]{"entity":"switch_action","value":"switch"} modes
- [swap]{"entity":"switch_action","value":"switch"} modes
- What's the current mode

## intent:open_environment
- Open [students](work_environment) environment
- Go to [production](work_environment) environment
- Show me available environments
- List of available environments
- Select [development](work_environment) environment
- Could you open the [production](work_environment)
- I'd like to go on the [students](work_environment)
- What's the current environment

## intent:open_browsers
- Open browsers
- Could you open the browsers
- I want to open the browsers
- I'd like to open the browsers
- I would like to open browsers

## intent:close_browsers
- Close browsers
- Could you close the browsers
- I want to close the browsers
- I'd like to close the browsers
- I would like to close browsers

## intent:refresh_browsers
- Reset browsers
- Could you reset the browsers
- I want to reset the browsers
- I'd like to reset the browsers
- I would like to reset browsers

## intent:ask_repeat
- repeat
- Could you repeat
- Say it again
- I'd like you to repeat
- What did you say

## intent:list_available_demos
- Give me the list of available demos
- Show me all the projects
- Available demos
- What's the list of available environments
- Available projects

Commit message:

Open action improved and close project added in clear space intent

rasa-project/data/nlu.md, after:

## intent:greet
- hey
- hello
- hi
- good morning
- good evening
- good afternoon
- hey there

## intent:affirm
- yes
- indeed
- of course
- that sounds good
- correct
- confirm

## intent:deny
- no
- never
- I don't think so
- don't like that
- no way
- not really
- no I've changed my mind

## intent:goodbye
- bye
- goodbye
- see you around
- see you later
- see you
- good bye

## intent:help
- help
- I need help
- Could you help me
- I want to ask you something
- request
- I need your support
- support

## intent:open  
- Open [wifi privacy demo](demo)
- Open [distributed webgl](demo)
- Open [uk 2019 election - speech analysis](demo)
- Open [twitter us elections](demo)
- Open [twitter brexit](demo)
- Open [transmart](demo)
- Open [the robot learning lab](demo)
- Open [telematics](demo)
- Open [silk road bitcoin seizure](demo)
- Open [sharing economy](demo)
- Open [shanghai metro](demo)
- Open [sentinel](demo)
- Open [senegal cell network](demo)
- Open [runkeeper](demo)
- Open [fluid dynamics](demo)
- Open [people flow](demo)
- Open [ocean data assimilation](demo)
- Open [neuro inspired design](demo)
- Open [medical imaging](demo)
- Open [mars selfie](demo)
- Open [images from mars](demo)
- Open [london map](demo)
- Open [kinedmd](demo)
- Open [intelligent transport system](demo)
- Open [jaywing](demo)
- Open [tfl jamcams](demo)
- Open [imaging ai](demo)
- Open [human ethome](demo)
- Open [huawei](demo)
- Open [giga images](demo)
- Open [explainable skill mining](demo)
- Open [ethereum](demo)
- Open [eides](demo)
- Open [dssg air quality](demo)
- Open [dsi templates](demo)
- Open [dsi intro](demo)
- Open [data learning](demo)
- Open [cyber data spark](demo)
- Open [computational privacy](demo)
- Open [cardiac ai](demo)
- Open [bitcoin economy](demo)
- Open [bitcoin blockchain history](demo)
- Open [behaviour analytics lab](demo)
- Open [ai workforce](demo)
- Open [ai research](demo)
- Open [ai network](demo)
- Open [ai in medicine and healthcare](demo)
- Open [ai for healthcare](demo)
- Open [ai cockpit](demo)
- Open [ai4health](demo)
- I would like to open [gaze](demo)
- open [amr](demo)
- launch [defra](demo)
- activate [An open bucket new works](demo)
- start [davidtest](demo)
- open [Mars selfies](demo)
- [bitcoin](demo)
- load [map of london](demo)
- [twitter](demo)
- launch [london cycling map](demo)
- open [cycling map](demo)
- Start [anotherthest](demo)
- I'd like to start [airesearch](demo)
- Could you activate the [test](demo) ?
- Open [DataSparks 2020 Project Luna](demo)
- I'd like to launch the [datest](demo)
- activate [dsi-international](demo)

## intent:out_of_scope
- I want to order food
- What is 2 + 2?
- Who's the US President?
- I need a job
- I want to dance !
- What's the day of birth of Julius Caesar ?
- What's the weather today ?

## intent:search
- Look for [wifi](tag)
- Look for [ml](tag)
- Look for [nlp](tag)
- Look for [politics](tag)
- Look for [twitter](tag)
- Look for [scivis](tag)
- Look for [astronomy](tag)
- Look for [mars](tag)
- Look for [ove-feature-showcase](tag)
- Look for [air-pollution](tag)
- Look for [transport](tag)
- Look for [datasparks](tag)
- Look for [cybersecurity](tag)
- Look for [privacy](tag)
- Look for [medical-imaging](tag)
- Look for [imagetiles](tag)
- Look for [healthcare](tag)
- Look for [ai](tag)
- Show me something on [london](demo)
- Search [bitcoin](demo)
- Show me something on [network](tag)
- Can you show me something on [the data science institute](tag)
- Search [business](tag)
- search demo
- I'd like to search something on [cryptocurrency](tag)
- I would like to search by [tags](search_mode)
- Make a search by [key words](search_mode)
- Search by [tag](search_mode)
- Look for by [key word](search_mode)

## intent:shutdown
- Shut down screens
- Turn out screens
- Could you shutdown the Screens ?
- I'd like to shutdown the Screens
- Screens shutdown
- Shut down GDO
- Could you shutdown the global data observatory

## intent:turn_on_gdo
- Turn on the gdo
- Could you turn on the screens
- I'd like to turn on the Global Data Observatory
- Start the gdo
- Turn on the screens
- I would like to turn on the screens

## intent:new_try
- restart
- I'd like to restart
- Could you restart ?

## intent:clear_space
- Clear the screens
- clean the space
- clear space
- Close current project
- Could you close the loaded demo
- Close demo
- I'd like to close the project
- Close project
- I'd like to clean the space
- Could you clear the space
- full black
- I would like black screens
- Display black screens
- I only want black screens
- I want a black background


## intent:control
- [Play](control_command) the video
- [play](control_command) the audio
- [Pause](control_command)
- I would like to [pause](control_command) the video
- I want to [stop](control_command) the audio file
- [Stop](control_command) it
- Could you [mute](control_command) the video
- I'd like to [refresh](control_command) the screen
- [Play loop](control_command) the video
- Can you [play loop](control_command) the audio
- [Reset](control_command) the video
- Could you [reset](control_command) the video

## intent:switch_modes
- I'd like to switch the mode
- [switch](switch_action) the mode
- Mode [cluster](mode)
- mode [section](mode)
- Select [section](mode)
- Could you select [cluster](mode)
- The [section](mode) mode would be fine
- I would like to take the [section](mode)
- I choose [cluster](mode)
- [change]{"entity":"switch_action","value":"switch"} the mode
- [reverse]{"entity":"switch_action","value":"switch"} modes
- [permute]{"entity":"switch_action","value":"switch"} modes
- [swap]{"entity":"switch_action","value":"switch"} modes
- What's the current mode

## intent:open_environment
- Open [students](work_environment) environment
- Go to [production](work_environment) environment
- Show me available environments
- List of available environments
- Select [development](work_environment) environment
- Could you open the [production](work_environment)
- I'd like to go on the [students](work_environment)
- What's the current environment

## intent:open_browsers
- Open browsers
- Could you open the browsers
- I want to open the browsers
- I'd like to open the browsers
- I would like to open browsers

## intent:close_browsers
- Close browsers
- Could you close the browsers
- I want to close the browsers
- I'd like to close the browsers
- I would like to close browsers

## intent:refresh_browsers
- Reset browsers
- Could you reset the browsers
- I want to reset the browsers
- I'd like to reset the browsers
- I would like to reset browsers

## intent:ask_repeat
- repeat
- Could you repeat
- Say it again
- I'd like you to repeat
- What did you say

## intent:list_available_demos
- Give me the list of available demos
- Show me all the projects
- Available demos
- What's the list of available environments
- Available projects
